AWS S3 Actions - Adding new documentation on supported integrations, and mappings (#7330)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-s3/index.md

* **Enhanced Delivery Controls**. The destination provides advanced options for batch size controls and file naming conventions. These controls can help optimize efficiency and simplify data retrieval workflows.

## Supported Integrations
The AWS S3 (Actions) Destination supports the following Segment features as supported native Destination integration points: 

> * rETL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Reverse ETL](/docs/connections/reverse-etl/)
```

> * Classic and Linked Audiences 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Classic and Linked Audiences](/docs/engage/audiences/) 
```

Author: done

> * Connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Connections](/docs/connections/)
```

Author: done

- IAM Access IDs: Prepare your AWS IAM ARN ID and IAM External ID. These will be needed to authenticate and authorize Segment with your S3 bucket.

> ## Step 1: Create an IAM role in the AWS console

Reviewer: I would prefer to keep all of the setup steps one heading level under the Getting started header to keep a consistent pattern across other integrations!

```suggestion
### Step 1: Create an IAM role in the AWS console
```

Author: done

   ]
 }
```

> ## Step 2: Add the AWS S3 (Actions) Destination in Segment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Add the AWS S3 (Actions) Destination in Segment
```

Reviewer 2: @forstisabella one of the reasons @jpang007 submitted this was to get all the steps in the side-nav: 
<img width="300" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-16 at 3 47 15 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3ff9cf2-389d-4c68-8097-b14def189a14" />

I think we should either show all in side-nav or none. That said, I will defer to @forstisabella on what we should use as the standard

Reviewer: That makes sense! I think we shouldn't have the steps in the side nav to stay consistent with other destinations' docs!

Author: done

   * Enter the ARN of the IAM role you created above. The ARN should follow the format `arn:aws:iam::ACCOUNT_ID:role/ROLE_NAME.`
   * Enter the IAM External ID, which is a value set in the Trust Relationship under your AWS IAM Role.
5. Enable the destination.

{% include components/actions-fields.html settings="true"%}

> ## Step 3: Configure the AWS S3 (Actions) Destination mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Configure the AWS S3 (Actions) Destination mappings
```

> To finish the configuration, finalize the mappings of the new AWS S3 (Actions) Destination: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To finish the configuration, add mappings to your new AWS S3 (Actions) Destination: 
```

Author: done

1. Add a new **Sync to S3** Action into the destination. 

> 2. Define the Event Trigger. If multiple types are accepted in the Event Trigger, the generated files will automatically be split by type in S3 (i.e Track events file and Identifer events file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Define the Event Trigger. If multiple types are accepted in the Event Trigger, the generated files will automatically be split by type in S3 (for example, you might have a Track events file and an Identify events file).
```

Author: done

> 3. Configure the Column Mappings that are needed, if any of the default columns are **not** needed, leave the value blank. You can also choose to add new mapping fields to set up any customized columns as needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure the Column Mappings. If you don't need any of the default columns, leave the value blank. You can also choose to add new mapping fields to set up customized columns as needed. 
```

Author: done

> 4. Configure the Other Settings as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Configure any additional settings as required.
```

Author: done

> 5. Enable the Mapping and start sending data! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enable the Mapping.
```

Author: done

> 6. Verify the Segment data is stored in the S3 bucket by navigating to the `<your_S3_bucket>/` in the AWS console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Verify that Segment is sending data to your S3 bucket by navigating to `<your_S3_bucket>/` in the AWS console. 
```
